hey everyone my name is Bill hapa in
oklahoma city oklahoma right now but
from Tulsa Oklahoma just an hour and a
half away originally from Buffalo New
York and I'm here at the the opening of
105 degree restaurant for the
festivities they have for the whole day
with awesome speakers and sample foods
and a dinner tonight and so I'm here
with my daughter my life just just
enjoying ourselves great time great ok
and the reason why I asked you speak
today and just share with the people
that read my blog and various things is
because you were telling me earlier
about how you got into raw food so can
you explain how that happens and and
what you were like before and how are
you are today very very much by accident
almost exactly four months ago June
eighth was my first day as a raw foodist
my plan at that time was on june night i
would be back to eating my regular food
I literally promised my daughter to
support her she was going into this
experiment with a gal named penny
Shelton here that I would support her
and I would try it photo and afterwards
I told my wife yeah this is going to go
well i'll do it for Jennifer for about
24 hours and see if I can get through it
maybe breakfast maybe lunch if we're
lucky maybe we'll get through dinner
here it is almost exactly four months
later and it has absolutely changed my
life and I mean that completely outside
of maybe my relationship with god and my
relationship with my wife and my
daughter this is good
most transformational experience in my
life literally the huge differences
number one food cravings for my life
revolved around food what was I going to
have as soon as I got up in the morning
what was my snack what was for lunch
what was I going to snack on in the
afternoon with dinner ready five o'clock
when I got home and my wife will testify
that if I didn't have my six of food
something like biochemically happened to
me I became like Jekyll and Hyde I was
an angry angry man when I didn't get our
food on time irritable mean and it was
just like something took over me so
those cravings are all gone and for the
first time in 50 years I realized my
gosh all this extra free time I have are
sooo goals and dreams now that I'm not
preoccupied with food I sleep through
the night now completely never did
before aches and pains and my joints go
on that's been amazing and probably the
thing that's been the most interesting
karen is that
after years and years and years and
years of fighting a weight problem and
trying to lose weight on purpose I have
known for months drug one pound shy of
dropping 40 pounds by accident well in
four months four months every 10 pounds
a month yeah and I mean I literally
haven't tried it's just dropping off I'm
never hungry I eat whatever I want as
long as it's wrong uh-huh I don't follow
the rules like some people say you
should yeah I just eat what I want okay
and it's it's been miraculous it's been
miraculous truly well it's brought our
family together because my daughter
she's been a vegetarian for years uh-huh
and I always thought she was a little
weird even though I know that she
couldn't tolerate me helped her yeah
still chided her saying you're weird
yeah you're weird Hera now all of a
sudden for the first time in ten years
together we all yes saying food wow so
it's brought our family closer together
she would eat at one time in one food
and we beat separately over here with
our food because she couldn't stand the
sight of me now we all need the same and
we're like a family a family unit again
that's incredible yeah that part's been
huge so can you share what you would
have beaten in a typical day before this
right oh my gosh I would wake up in the
morning and the first thing with him
within literally 30 minutes of waking up
I would have to have two pieces of toast
with butter
to have some type of sausage or bacon
along with with eggs I mean just
standard brick for a lot of bacon and
sausage and at least a two or three eggs
snack time was always running to
mcdonalds for their dollar menu or I
have all the pizza places around Tulsa
scoped out I can get pizza by the slice
oh ok dinner again was my favorite food
it's just like a sub grabbing a big huge
sub with a five feet high oh thank me
kind was the best okay then I'd have to
fight mid morning and afternoon I had to
fight the unsleeping I'd have to fight
running back and forth to the bathroom
because of all the after-effects
immediate macbarbie food yeah and then
dinner time was just once again huge
amounts of meat potatoes fast food
processed food eleven o'clock at night
my wife and I would usually the Bears to
say I always make a run to where to taco
bell well be like that everything gets
something cheesy and potato in meaty and
so on and so forth milkshakes just your
standard for American American diet
doesn't pasta being Italian lots of
bread and potato
and I have tried every dive there is out
there and I would have some success
maybe but even if I did have success it
would always come back and I could never
stay on it for more than a couple weeks
at a time yeah so now you don't feel
like you're on a diet you just feel
you've made a lifestyle share is that
how you see your style change yeah it
doesn't feel like I'm trying to stay on
this on purpose it just I didn't believe
it at first I thought when I first heard
this back in June that quite honestly I
thought the people that ate this way
including my daughter which is that she
was going to do it or a little wacky or
favorite word wonky you know you have
countercultural weird extreme
unnecessary come on get a life and so
shame on me for judging like that but
that's the way I felt now I realize
there's something that happened
biochemically in your body it really
does are something about raw food and
the live enzymes that are in it that
somehow it satisfies you so that you're
not hungry and you don't have the
cravings or so you just stay on it very
naturally I eat nuts throughout the day
whenever I'm hungry yet custody's still
this way so what's your what's your
favorite raw foods at the moment what
are you enjoying we have green smoothies
every morning and I love that my wife
makes unbelievable salads
avocado nuts every kind of vegetable you
can think of you know all i knew was
iceberg lettuce before so now I'm
introduced to all these different
different multiple dreams she uses it to
haight dehydrator right so we have a lot
of cool little red like yes substances
that have texture and dimension to
empower and desserts that we make in the
Vitamix that would be lost without the
dye greater the Vitamix they just adds a
different dimension it's actually not
necessary but it adds another dimension
yeah so would you say like volume wise
are eating far less as well because that
tends to happen it does I can't eat as
much yeah I have no idea how I hate all
the other food yeah because you're
searching for nutrients that were never
found I guess some dairy plant I spills
you up so quick I mean a salad at night
unbelievable for me after his salad I am
satisfied and
that's huge try a huge for guy yeah